---
published: false
---
## The Journey Less Traveled

I read a lot growing up. I still do, but of course, when you are younger everyone reads the same thing because it's what you do in school. I'm sure you have read "The Lord of the Flies" by William Golding and "Animal Farm" by George Orwell. Along the same lines, we have all come across the same poems, like "The Road Not Taken" by Robert Frost. When I was younger I was obsessed with this poem because I thought it spoke to my desire for travel. Call it cliche, but I still identify with this poem in a major way, for what I think Frost meant it to be for: a journey that you didn't expect and weren't too sure about. 

My academic and career background couldn't be more different than what I am doing now. I became intrigued by the human body and death at a young age, stay with me, when I was in highschool and taking basic anatomy. I read as many fictional and true crime books I could get my hands on and loved learning about the science behind finding out "who dun it". I knew going into college this is what I wanted to do. I wanted to be a medical examiner and speak for the dead through the wonders of the human body. I finished college pre-med and realized that my heart wasn't ready for full blown med school, that and I hated chemistry. I took the journey back to my home town of Knoxville, Tennesse, home to the best forensic anthropology in the country with skeletons located in the basement of the football stadium (yes, that part of The Blind Side is true). I worked for two years to get into the graduate program taking classes, volunteering at the Body Farm, and working at Chick-fil-A to pay for my school bills. One day while processing a skeleton fresh from the farm, I realized that this life wasn't my passion. I enjoyed it yes, but it lacked fulfillment for me and I felt like I would get in a situation where I would never be able to disconnect. This was diffently not what I wanted for my future self or the family I hoped to have one day. 

Cue the first road divergence in my life that Frost talks about: I could have gone ahead and started the job hunt from scratch, turned back to school for a differnet degree, or take the unusual road: keep working for Chick-fil-A. I went from being a team member, to running shifts at the restaurants, to a director position in marketing for three stores.  It wasn't always glorious and boy did you smell terrible after a shift, but I learned some of the most valuable things at Chick-fil-A that I carry with me today.   

First: Servant Leadership - I learned what it was like to work WITH people as a leader, not have people work for me. I was exposed to an environment that cultivated personal growth and encouraged personal best. 

Second: Loving People - There is something about being completely understaffed late at night after a Georgia/UT football game, on the verge of tears, and having a customer look at you with a smile and say "It's cool. I know you all are trying your best. Waiting 15 minutes for my food is cool". I discovered the basic fundamentals and importance of empathy in business. I felt the frustration that my co-workers felt when they were having a bad day and identified with my customers when all they needed is their caffiene fix from sweet tea. 

Third: I have a genetic disposition to being a work-aholic. When we talk about strengths in my current role I simply describe myself as a Drill Sergeant. I'm a responsible and disciplined achiever that likes consistency and harmony in life. Transalation: I don't understand work life balance. I got so caught up with work in my marketing role at Chick-fil-a that I never seemed to be able to put my phone down, always montioring our social media sights, and allowing some negative posts to effect me as a person. It took a 40 day fast from working at home and a whole lot of yoga for me to understand that work has it's place and time. I learned how to better organize my time, prioritize my dail goals instead of trying to achieve them all at once, and delegate tasks to others that wanted to help me. I also learned not to feel guilty about rest, it is just as productive for you mind and body as work is.    

Looking back I found a life full of divergent roads and I have had my fair share of tough ones. In 2013 I came across a major fork where I needed to decide who I was going to become for myself and for my family. My husband excepted a job at Rackspace in San Antonio, Texas and we were relocating 16 hours away from our hometown, our family, and our friends. I was faced with the challenge - did I want to stay on the path that I was on, well worn and easy. Did I want to continue to be a work-aholic, always tired and a lot of times smelly from being around the fryers in the Chick-fil-A kitchen? I reached completely outside of my comfort zone and went down the road less traveled with an overgrown path, tripping over sticks and weeds. I decided to explore opportunities at Rackspace for myself. Transparently, I was terrified. I never considered myself a technical mind, I left that up to my Linux admin of a husband. I started working in frontline support with e-mail customers and built my empathy talents to new heights. I could see a previous self in the people I was helping as they were lost in confusion of trying to set up their e-mail on their phones or Outlook.   